We are going to look for the silence of zone C in relation
to zone A on the diaphragmatic plane.
There is a point of silence in the room.
At some point, I will guide you.
We will start from neutral.
We will gradually allow the patient's neutral to develop.
We will focus on the micro-crystalline field.
We take up all the space.
The film on aikido.
To have the most therapeutic action...
as effective as possible, I must achieve a neutral state. Then, it is
important to be able
to bring out this neutral in my patient. It is something that must mature. And for
that, we need the meeting point. Once I have a meeting point, the person, in confidence, can gradually disengage, let go towards their neutral. Gradually, these two neutrals will begin to blend. Once these two neutrals blend, I have a space, a more visible emergence that can appear from what we call primary respiration. Primary respiration is not something that is only in the body, it is present everywhere, a bit like the breath of life. We will just put ourselves
in the awareness of this amniotic cavity, this
zone B, and at the same time, little by
little, we will dissociate our attention to go to the diaphragmatic pillars.
These are the most fixed points of my diaphragm, they are pillars.
And we will see that ultimately, these are enormous support points, almost a silent point.
And we will gradually, with a little patience, bring out the
neutral in a broader way.
That is to say, we will also use the crystalline silence, we will rather
speak of the crystalline immobility of the room.
There is a kind of...
In zone C, there is a kind of immobility that we must see.
We will let the body center itself in relation to this zone C.
Even if it seems subtle, it will happen by itself on a fluid, electrical plane.
And then we will gradually, in this practice, begin to merge this silence
of the room,
or this dynamic immobility of the room, with the dynamic immobility at
the level of the diaphragmatic pillars.
While being aware...
of the amniotic cavity and all the integration of my vitelline vesicle to
form my venous
system. In this practice, to totally surrender to primary
respiration,
to the present movement, to the tide, that is to say, to the therapeutic force, to
the power,
and gradually let's see what it can do. The "hueil", in
non-action,
meaning I don't induce, I trust.
the osteopath